Problem A: Alice and Bob Play a Logic Game
Problem Statement:
Alice and Bob are playing a game of propositional logic. They have two Boolean variables A and B,
and they want to perform three operations on them: or, and, and xor.
Can you write a program to help them with this?
Input Format:
The input consists of a single line containing two Boolean variables A and B in the form of 0 or 1 separated by a space.
Output Format:
Output three lines. The first line should contain the result of an or operation on A and B, the second
line should contain the result of an and operation on A and B, and the third line should contain the
result of an xor operation on A and B. Each line should contain the Boolean expression in the form of a string.
Sample Input 1:
1 0
Sample Output 1:
1
0
1
Explanation:
The or operation of 1 and 0 is 1. The and operation of 1 and 0 is 0. The xor operation of 1 and 0 is 1.


Problem B: Cryptic Game
Problem Statement:
Alice and Bob are playing a game of secret message passing. They have agreed to use the xor operation
to encode and decode their messages. They have a secret key that they will use to xor with their
messages. However, they need your help to write a program to perform the xor operation on their
messages. The final output will be the (output%26)th letter of the alphabet.
Input Format:
The input consists of two lines. The first line contains the secret key, a string of lowercase letters. The
second line contains the message, a string of lowercase letters. Both strings will have the same length.
Output Format:
Output a single line containing the result of the xor operation on the secret key and the message. The
result should be in the form of a string of lowercase letters.
Sample Input 1:
abcde
hello
Sample Output 1:
igohj
Explanation:
To perform the xor operation, we convert each character in the secret key and message to its ASCII
value and xor them. Then, we convert the resulting ASCII value back to its corresponding character.
For example:
• 'a' in the secret key has ASCII value 97
• 'h' in the message has ASCII value 104
• 97 xor 104 = 9
• The 9
th letter corresponds to the character 'i'
• 'b' in the secret key has ASCII value 98
• 'e' in the message has ASCII value 101
• 98 xor 101 = 7
• The 7
th letter corresponds to the character 'g'
• ... and so on
Therefore, the resulting string is " igohj".